This is the QEPCADB project.  The actual software system is in
the qesource directory.  The public_html directory has some
documentation in it (same as the qepcad website), and the
regressiontests directory has some basic regression tests.  For
most people qesource is where to start.  Note that the license
information is in that directory and the distribution I provide
through the qepcad website is just that directory.

QEPCAD is an implementation of quantifier elimination by partial
cylindrical algebraic decomposition due orginally to Hoon Hong, and
subsequently added on to by many others. It is an interactive
command-line program written in C/C++, and based on the SACLIB
library. Presented here is QEPCAD B version 1.x, the "B" designating a
substantial departure from the original QEPCAD and distinguishing it
from any development of the original that may proceed in a different
direction. QEPCAD and the SACLIB library are the result of a program
of research by George Collins and his PhD students that has spanned
several decades ... and continues still!

I extended and improved QEPCAD for several years. Improvements that
didn't involve changes to the way the program interacted with the user
I'd just go ahead and make. However, changes that affected the
interaction of QEPCAD and the user, or changes that added new features
were "tacked on" to the program, requiring the user to know about
extra commands. Moreover, there was no cannonical source for QEPCAD
distribution or documentation, and no internet accessible source at
all. This branch of QEPCAD, QEPCAD "B", was introduced to address
those problems - to make QEPCAD easily accessable through the
internet, to provide good documentation, and to incorporate many
improvements and extensions in a way that makes them most accessible
to the user.

The Authors
The principal author of the original QEPCAD is Hoon Hong. Other contributors include:

Christopher W. Brown
George E. Collins
Mark J. Encarnacion
Jeremy R, Johnson
Werner Krandick
Scott McCallum
Stanly Steinberg
Richard Liska
Nicolas Robidoux
The author of Version B is Christopher W. Brown.

Chris Brown
